[docs] Note that TextInput textAlign does not flip in RTL unlike Text (#48057)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/localization.mdx

The React Native's `textAlign` property does not accept `start` or `end` values that you can use in flex properties. Instead, `left` effectively works as `start` (aligns to the left on LTR and the right on RTL), and `right` works as `end`.

> :::note
> The above behavior applies to the `<Text>` component. The `<TextInput>` component treats `textAlign: 'left'` and `'right'` as physical values that do **not** flip in RTL mode on either iOS or Android. For direction-aware alignment on `<TextInput>`, use `I18nManager.isRTL ? 'right' : 'left'`. See [react-native#45255](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/45255) for background.
> :::

Reviewer: 🛑 **blocker** `mdx-components.md#callouts`

Docs callouts are blockquotes whose first bold word is `info`, `warning`, `error`, or `important`, so `:::note` and the closing `:::` render as literal text in the paragraph instead of a callout. Rewrite it as a `> **info**` blockquote and keep it to one short paragraph.

---

⚠️ **correctness** `links-and-headings.md#link-text`

The link text "react-native#45255" does not tell the reader where it goes, and that issue is a closed request to add `textAlign: start` and `end` support, which the paragraph above already covers. It says nothing about `<TextInput>` treating `left` and `right` as physical values, so it does not back the sentence it is attached to. Drop "See ... for background", or replace it with a source that documents the `<TextInput>` behavior and link text that names it.

---

✏️ **style** `terminology.md#platform-order`

"on either iOS or Android" reverses the platform order the docs use. Write "on either Android or iOS".

```suggestion
> **info** The `<TextInput>` component behaves differently. It treats `textAlign: 'left'` and `'right'` as physical values that do not flip in RTL on either Android or iOS. For direction-aware alignment on `<TextInput>`, use `I18nManager.isRTL ? 'right' : 'left'`.
```

<!-- docs-review -->
